This is a head-gum original.
Thank you to Athletic Greens for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, you know I'm high on Athletic Greens because I've started taking it every day,
and it makes me feel energized, which I obviously need because I never sleep well.
I've started taking it in the morning, I'll have a cup of water,
and then I'll have my Athletic Greens in an hour later, I'll have my coffee,
and it just really helps me start the day feeling like I have a pep in my step,
without tasting super healthy, but being super healthy.
So what is this stuff?
Well with one delicious scoop of Athletic Greens, you're absorbing 75 high-quality vitamins,
minerals, whole-food source super foods, probiotics, and adaptogens to help
start your day right.
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health, your nervous system, your immune system,
your energy, recovery, focus, and aging, all the things.
It helps me again with my energy.
I definitely feel like I'm a better version of myself physically,
and the taste again I would say is kind of bubble gumming.
I haven't found anyone that agrees with me on that, but that's what I taste.
It's kind of like mild and tropical.
And I've started traveling a little bit,
and I take it with me on the go because they gave me travel packs.
And again, we'll get to that later.
Athletic Greens is lifestyle friendly,
whether you eat keto, paleo, vegan, dairy for your gluten-free,
it's all for you, and it's all right with AG1.
It contains less than one gram of sugar, no GMOs, no nasty chemicals
or artificial, anything while still tasting good.
It supports, again, better sleep quality and recovery, mental clarity and alertness,
and much, much more.
And it's the one thing with the best things.
Because Athletic Greens uses the best of the best products,
based on the latest science with constant product iterations
and third-party testing.
It costs less than $3 a day,
and you're investing in your health,
and it's cheaper than your cold brew habit.
It's also cheaper than getting all these supplements yourself.
I used to be a million different pills guy.
Now I get it all from one delicious scoop of Athletic Greens,
and you're investing again in an all-in-one nutritional insurance.
So right now, it's time to reclaim your health
and arm your immune system with convenient, daily nutrition,
especially heading into cold and flu season, right?
It's just one scoop of in a cup of water every day.
That's it.
No need for a million different pills and supplements
to look out for your health, and to make it easy.
Athletic Greens is going to give you a free one-year supply
of immune supporting vitamin D,
which is incredibly important,
especially in places that don't get a lot of sun in the winter,
and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
All you have to do is visit AthleticRings.com slash what's that?
Again, that's AthleticGreens.com slash what's that
to take ownership over your health and pick up
the ultimate daily nutritional insurance.
Thanks Athletic Greens.
Are we rolling or just this?
Yeah.
Happy New Year.
What?
Welcome to another dish in the bag and podcast,
Friday, February 25th, shortest month of the year.
We're almost through it.
Shout out to our lineup today,
which is Johnny Villa, George Saba, Andrew Pyle,
and Amir Loonfeld.
How's it hanging with everybody?
Pyle, you're having technical issues.
Johnny, you're at home.
Johnny's laptop might die in the middle of this,
and George is currently in an editing bay,
working on a television episode,
so he cannot talk or hear us.
What do you mean he can't talk or hear us?
So he's not a show.
He can't be listening to things in the editing bay.
And he can't be responding when he's next to his boss.
So what's happening is that he can't hear us
and we are not going to hear him say anything.
So what?
Why did you add him last minute?
Because it's fun to have guests on the show.
You're making this harder for grace than to edit in the editing.
I'm not going to apologize for taking a big swing.
So he cannot hear us any.
And he cannot say anything.
At no point during this record,
we'll George hear anything we're saying.
But at the same time, he won't say anything.
So I just might as well leave.
Major killer.
Swing for the fences, no matter the defenses.
I've got three fucking white guys here,
telling me what to do, how to feel,
what to eat and when to be.
Three.
What is that?
Andrew Pile, how is that cockman?
Yeah, you asked us every episode.
What are you eating?
You keep like quickly moving shit into your mouth with chopsticks.
That can't, we can't see anything.
That's it.
It's just what he prepared.
It looks like brownies.
A chopstick is what it looks like from here.
You're so dexterous with the chopsticks.
Is that a steak?
It's just a steak.
A giant piece of steak with chopsticks.
Why chopsticks?
Why on the show?
What?
Why so close to my camera?
Here's my brain.
Oh, God.
You guys want to hear it?
Can you finish eating and then say it?
Hang on.
It's fucking bear with me.
It's a wax episode.
So you didn't prepare anything.
It's what you're trying to say.
Couldn't, I had an audition right before this.
During the time I was going to outline the episode.
George says, hello.
What are you guys talking about?
What do you mean he says it?
He didn't say anything.
And the chat here.
I'm the fucking chat.
How did the audition go?
It went really well.
This might be bison meat.
Now that I'm tasting her.
Who made that?
Peter Luger.
You went to a real useless business.
I want to be a loser.
And got a doggy bag.
Um, my, like, entertainment industry mentor took me there last night.
Sorry.
Start from the way way way top.
Yeah.
What did anybody take you under there?
And you give you a bison.
Entertainment mentor.
His name's Ivan.
So I'm so flippin slash glib slash casual.
What's that?
Potatoes?
Fritz?
Bingo.
So you want to rip him?
Daniel.
Hello.
Yeah.
Happy weekend.
I don't know what to say.
Um, I'm having a great time.
How was Peter Luger's?
It's kind of a famous job house.
Yeah.
It's really fancy.
Is it good?
Bad.
Yeah.
Is it like overrated or is it like?
It was unbelievable.
Yeah.
You never had steak like that or you never had steak period.
It's like one.
So it was good.
Do you like the.
What's up?
Did I like the plate?
No.
The plate of sizzling.
Was that George?
Yeah.
Believe it was.
So he interrupted the stream with a song.
I'm starting to know that he's might be in the studio.
With a famous artist.
No way.
I doubt him.
Who did you say you had?
I doubt it.
Who did you say you ate with yesterday?
I've been.
Your entertainment mentor.
Yeah.
He produced entourage and band of brothers.
I tried to get him on dead eyes.
But my comrade didn't respond to any of his emails.
He's buddies with Tom Hanks.
Not that matters.
And what was the.
What was the um.
Moots.
What was the conversation like?
We talked about our families.
Because I know his kids.
We talked about casting.
We talked about my new pilot.
All right.
I found him.
How do you know this guy?
How old is he?
This is the fucking second degree here.
All right.
And I'm ready to turn into the first.
Murder wise.
I don't know where his him is.
Oh.
Uh.
Up.
Football pass on it.
Did he have the Peter Lover credit card?
You know it's like cash or the credit card is the only way you can pay for
food.
Peter Lovers.
All right.
I don't know why.
They're all on credit card.
I found out this is the worst.
So this is going to be a huge reward.
to learn about New York.
You need to have like cool little factoids
about New York if you want to fit in as New York.
I have factoids, but I know Lugers.
I know Lugers.
Lugers was sold in 19th.
Did you get the most important?
1950 was sold for $35,000,
because they were the only people who bid it.
George's asking if he should leave LOL,
because he's not saying anything he's can't hear us.
Yeah, they should probably leave.
Yeah.
Don't say LMAO.
I think.
I said, stay.
LMAO, I'm dead.
You can get a mic stand and then you could use both hands.
I'd like to say like holding the mic directly
and your nose and breathing into it.
Yeah, Johnny Carson said that Peter Lugers
was the best meal he's ever had.
So I'd caution all of you to proceed with reverence.
Having leftovers from Peter's is better
than having the finest dining elsewhere,
because it's Luger.
Have you guys ever, this is going to be
a very specific set of circumstances.
Have you guys ever been to Lugers after you were at a Lugers?
I've never actually been to Lugers.
Then you're a loser.
Not really.
Yeah.
That's funny.
I've been to Lugers.
I don't know what Lugers is.
Stayed free for lunch, basically, is what I was talking about.
Can you reheat it?
It looks still cold from the fridge or something.
I thought you'd have freeze sticks.
Might be they're cold.
And why are you using chopsticks?
Let's talk about you, right?
OK.
Are you going to move any time soon?
No.
Live in a piece of shit.
No, I don't.
Probably everybody in the house.
Yeah, it's really nice.
No, it's really nice.
I love it.
I don't even use it.
It was a piece of shit in that I should move.
Now that I've been to Lugers, I can't help but feel
like everything's a piece of shit, unless you're at Lug Peters.
So every time I sit, that's not where it gets.
Yeah, it's the worst ambiance of any restaurant
I've ever been in.
It's the right lights.
Waiters that are super rude to you.
So we're going to have two things on the menu.
It's like a whole steak.
The three things on the menu.
Steak for two, steak for three, steak for four.
Yeah.
So it's like, it's sort of like the time-square of steak house
as it seems.
It's kind of like a tourist trap a little bit.
And you said you had the best meal of your life
there last night with your entertainment mentor?
No, that was Johnny Carson's in that.
So you said you loved it, didn't you?
I thought it was great.
You say it's steak for the first time at Versailles.
They cut bacon, sizzling wedge.
Peter Luger, the first choice.
I didn't choose it.
Oh, OK.
He said you want to get dinner, I said yes.
Well, this guy's a real mover and shaker.
He's got quite a list of accomplishments.
Nice.
I'm intrigued.
I don't know how you know him.
Cleveland.
Let's talk about something else.
Ten minutes of this one topic.
I think we're done with it.
We've exhausted it.
And I'm exhausted of it.
You keep your head and back to the steak, man.
Thank you, athletic greens for sponsoring this episode.
No way.
We're not in the middle of an ad break.
Well, from an edit,
the mud is well just throw caution the way in, right?
You guys are saying, oh, we've just pieced it together.
You know, long it takes probably not.
This thing apparently zero.
You didn't play it anything.
All right, all right.
Oh, waxing episode.
Yeah.
That's a real one.
That's a kind of fun way to say you did nothing.
It's great.
Fuck.
That's not the song.
That's not it, either.
What the fuck is happening?
Nope.
This sucks, this is not krie.
Sorry.
I'm a messaging droer as it's probably way more fun.
He's asking me what I thought he'd tell
from Sweet Green or of what he should get from Sweet Green.
Don't stay free it's stay free it's they don't sell that actually pretty it's a solid place man
All right, you okay
You know you're hosting this you should probably at least have like one question, but you can fall back on if it gets sour like it is right on
Minute nine of
All right, what's the question I could ask um
Do you guys like photos or paintings
If you had to pick one
Did you guys all hang out yesterday? I know Marty's on in New York
Here's like a panel going on with where you guys there to hang out. Did you guys go to the cheese place?
Yeah, we went to the cheese place. It was great. Have you been to be a church before never?
It's just a lot of cheese to be white cheese. It's just really nice
It's like cheesy Peter lougars. It seems like yeah, yeah Johnny you get in the stairs
I really fall down the stairs. It was pretty embarrassing because it was the way I entered everyone else got there before me
They saw me on these stairs way of to low and me it will you fail
Did you like slide and sort of fall on your butt or did you like I'm here? Sorry, let's listen to Johnny
He was
Move it
But to answer your question, I'm here. It was a front facing fall. So I don't know
Wow down there's front facing and the stairs were metallic too. So every
It was very loud as well
not great
This is at a cheese restaurant. Yeah, hopefully it's kind of stopped and stared for what felt like a stunned eternity
It was pretty bad. Yeah, but in the pile wasn't there speaking of getting stairs
I recently went out to like an orchestra concert. It was like a school or a university orchestra concert
And there are a lot of older people there
Probably around there like 60s 70s and 80s and I walked in sat down
Took off my mask just to breathe a little bit and talk to my friend and
And someone tapped me and they said excuse me, sir. Can you put on your mask?
It was one of the audience. One of the members of the audience and I look behind me and everybody is staring at me
Insane so they all amass on but you they all had masks on it was
Crazy
Did you put it on what it is?
Yeah, I absolutely put it on but I felt like other people behind me were like pod people really
For believing in this shit
Big time you suck you suck big time. Yeah, I don't know why
We're starting to have fun all of a sudden you have to antagonize somebody. Yeah
It's like what's the vibe like at a cheese-only restaurant? Does it sort of wreak of cheese down there?
Yeah, yeah, it stinks
Okay, do that five the sound five the sound here. Yeah, that's never ago
You like
You think it sounds the single note of let's get it stuck
Don't
Marty said that he that what used to be his spot to take like first dates, too
Cheese recipes. It's been of a cheese store
Reaks of a party
Vardy Michael
When he's feeling extra cheesy, that's his nickname
See you're down there. What do you guys get in like a fondue a shark cuterie?
What's the cheese vibe? We ended up doing the mongers five I think what's that?
Johnny it's just a play to five different cheeses that they look out
Like it's not really that crazy
Right, I know I'd Jeff threw it to me to explain
And they choose all the cheeses or do they ask you what you like? No, they choose a
Cower and you and I'm glad you asked because you would have thought that we added some say instead we're left with this fucking triple
Sorry you deserve that man
Your apartment is now hitting you
You get how you're annoying so much that objects are starting to ripple
You're bleeding a little bit
Not like my whole life just flashed your eyes
Because I was eating like they fucking um
They seeming they gave us the drugs we had this triple crème that was to die for drizzled in honey. We had what was it a truffle gouda
I guess man. I just ate the cheeses
Yeah, I'd have positively just putting him in my mouth. There was a goat cheese. There was a wine and coffee
Rubbed
Strong cheese and it just sort of felt like they didn't give a damn whether we had a good time or not
really didn't bend to every
Will that I that we had and
I didn't appreciate it. I didn't have a great time kidding me. The waitress came up to us so many times asking how we were doing
That's true. We're pretty much bending to our every whim because it was on the company credit card
Which was nice, but that's true. I also sent a lot of things back
Yeah, we didn't have of it
Yeah, and they still like did it with a smile on their face
I guess I missed some kind of etiquette class that everybody else took like why why is that?
I just myself all the time and then I see glances like this where everybody's staring me at the eyes angry for some reason
Sorry, just got a pack Joe's trying to figure out what it was. Pile how's the kid?
Good, really good. I went to an actual semester's week. He has he's in the 25th percentile and had a wait and the 60 fifth percentile in head size
Wow, he's got the cranial capacity of a young butch Cassidy as they say. I mean he's great
I'm pretty into phernology recently and I really like that
Sort of learn a lot
I'll send some skull photos or yeah, yeah, it's all about the shape really of the the front and the back and how the interact with each other
I shouldn't know that I have I'm in the first percentile and head size actually
Or a size or yes, yes, smallest
What's the last thing that you learned
Last big thing so that's big thing you learned
That's a good one object permanent still or yeah, no, he's he's good. He's stringing sentences together
He's like walking around. He knows about you know his family. It's family just came to visit and I like his grandparents and
often alcohol and he had a really a time and was like looking forward to it like we told him
We were coming and he was like talking about it for like days so he got to it. It's like pretty crazy
His like brain doesn't reset like a fish every night anymore
He's nice fully evolved all the time
Yeah, I don't know I'm trying to think what the latest piece of information he has
He learns like so many words. I feel like every day. He's got like five new words that he picks up
Do you ever wonder like whoa how did he learn that word? I didn't teach it to him
Well, yesterday we were playing like farm bingo like we have these words with like farm models on them
And you can do like bingo with it and he was like just playing bingo by himself like picking up things
I'm on the massive and I'm like how did you learn this?
He's like couldn't explain it so I don't actually know like out that everything
But he had somehow figured that someone had taught him that clearly, but yeah, that's pretty awesome
He naturally figured it out
Yeah, he's fine
Does he know JavaScript given anything else?
What was that?
Sorry you go
Who whoever talked over me? I was just asking if you knew JavaScript, but
No, but I am working on that
I've kind of figured out like how I can teach him
Engineering concepts. We have like an engineering like a series of books about like physics for babies and it's very
some interesting
There's like statistical
Analysis for babies
The books and it's about
Entropy it doesn't matter. This is not that
Well, it's probably more interesting than the whole ten-minute spiel that we had about Peter Louder
Which is a restaurant localized within New York City and it's hard to afford by the way for most of the general public
But I guess Ivan has that cash that deep
pocket
Given the choice of anyone in the world who would you want as a dinner guest?
Let's start there and see where the podcast goes
Okay, why are you annoyed?
That you had to come up with a single question for an hour-long conversation
Conan O'Brien is my answer nice why he's funny a shit
Tall suit
There's lots of funny tall people why Conan is specifically Gary Goldman is like six with six hilarious stand-up comedian
He's following the Conan. Yeah, so lives in New York so I could make that happen asap fur
What about you Johnny
I
Don't know
Probably some musician maybe
Frank Ocean just be it'll be interesting getting to the mind of Frank
I don't have it. I can't make this funny. This is like just a very general question
I'm here
Choose an athlete. I'd like to sort of pick the brains of LeBron James
Yeah
LeBron
Yeah, we go to
Yeah, it's sort of get to the bottom of a spirits business. It seems like there's a lot of money to be had there in terms of pivoting
Because the rock did the tequila thing and then the bron did it
Also tequila. I wonder if it's all just from the same place with the different label on it
That is interesting because Brian Krannston and Aaron Paul of breaking bad fame
They also have it. I think it tequila as well. I think it's just tequila is like how you get a cheap and yeah
I think it's all it's like the best marketing market you can do is like to just get alcohol and then like put it in a nice bottle with a nice label
Jeffrey James
I'm you already have like you know between the rock and LeBron two of the biggest folks people in the world
So like why would they get paid to
Hock some other product they might as well own the entire distribution
Is that the kind of liquor that you'd like?
Let's say that you had your own liquor
Yeah, I don't really like tequila. I wonder why they both chose that when I wonder if that's special
Would you want to have dinner with
I've in the e-shorts
No, for
first two and
Let's see what else and taking Jeffrey to Peter Luger
If you're a Luke having the a counted peer looter, probably having the Peter Luger credit card is what I think he's best no more nice
Just kidding. He's super well enough. Brother stuff. What's the APY on a Peter Luger?
Oh
It's funny
Yeah, I think I don't have to say yeah, I guess I would say a few jobs
You know, I think that's kind of like
He's dead. I don't know basic or whatever. Yeah, he has to be alive
Yeah, he didn't he didn't do the dead or live thing
Give me a fucking meal with Putin right now. I want to sit down to stare the man in the house
He could be afraid to me
I feel like I can convince him
Jeff is calling
You think Putin is stressed out right now like
Is he like nervous see you think he's sleeping well?
I wonder
Because he's sort of a sociopath so like he doesn't seem to mind the
casualty that he's caused
But at the same time it must weigh on him a little bit you would think
Yeah, name three things you have in common
With what well these are the fucking questions for the New York Times 36 questions that lead to love thing and it's
Supposed to be you in your partner, but it doesn't make any sense because it's just you guys individually. So what do you have in common?
Amongst all of us in the room
That's maybe a little easier to understand sure
We all work the same monster. Yeah, let's get back on the Putin topic
An absolute monster a dictator
We all work headgun so that's too
We have to endure this and that's three
Okay
When you had the energy Jeff had at the top with his fucking chopsticks
He was on top of the fucking world. I think Jeff has said less this episode than any other
Sorry
Don't look to sponsor talk about maybe two things and he said like maybe four cents
But you know this is a waxing up
Take four minutes and tell you your life story and as much detail as possible
Let's start with Andrew fucking pile
Do we have to take do we have to take a break by the way? Don't we have ads wait what time is it
Real four oh shit. Yeah, we'll be right back
This podcast is sponsored by better help online therapy guys relationships take work
Right and a lot of us will drop anything to go help someone we care about
We'll go out of our way to treat other people well
But how often do we give ourselves the same treatment?
I go to therapy every week it helps me with all of my relationships
You know from the very personal to the very surface level just showing up in ways that
Obviously serve other people and myself and this month better help online therapy wants to remind you to take care of your most important relationship
The one you have with yourself whether it's hitting the gym making time for a haircut or even trying therapy
You are your greatest asset so invest the time and effort into yourself like you do for other people
Better help is online therapy that offers video phone and even live chat sessions with your therapist
So you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to plus it's much more affordable than traditional
In-person therapy and you can be matched with a therapist and under 48 hours
Give it a try and see why over 2 million people have used better help
This podcast is again sponsored by better help and the headgun podcast listeners get 10% off their first month at better
Help.com slash what's that that's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks better help. Thank you to Raycon for sponsoring this episode of our show guys a lot of people didn't make
Resolutions this year and you know what I get it
But that doesn't mean you shouldn't still find a way to shake things up whether it's by switching up your workout routine
or going someplace new and whatever you way you challenge yourself this new year
There's no better way to do it than with a pair of Raycon wireless earbuds in your ears
Raycon wireless earbuds are the best way to bring audio with you because no matter how much you shake things up
Literally no matter how much you shake
You know they won't fall out of your ears
Their everyday earbuds look feel and sound better than ever there's also awareness mode for when you need to listen to your surroundings
So that you can take Raycon wherever you go with optimized gel tips for the perfect in your fit these earbuds are so comfortable
And they will not budge trust me. I've started running for seemingly no reason I use my Raycons and they don't fall
The sound quality is as good if not better than other leading brands
The only earbuds that I use in your wise and they offer eight hours of play time plus a 32-hour battery life
And their price just right you get quality audio at half the price of competing audio brands
It's no wonder why Raycon's every day earbuds have over 48 thousand five star reviews online
So right now the headgun podcast listeners can get 15% off their Raycon order at buy Raycon dot com slash what's that?
That's buy Raycon dot com slash what's that to get 15% on Raycons again. That's buy Raycon dot com slash what's that?
Thanks Raycon
Boom to be a bug four minutes on the board all right pilots here that fucking life story. Let's get include real people's names
Oh
I don't you don't have why this this is not I don't want to let's but I'm not prepared to do that
Emotional yeah
It's bad podcasting yeah
No, no heads up you're gonna come in and tell your life story
I think that's easy, but yeah
Why don't you tell you haven't done anything
You're nothing you want you want my life story no, and I don't actually no one does
It goes from a fucking yo-yo competition to a dinner at Peter Luger. That's it
All right, how about this fuckers and now I'm angry what do you value most in a friendship
You're angry at that question
I don't know what to do here. All right, I'm between rock and a fucking hard place because you guys are
spewing poison at me and George isn't even offering anything
You're one bit for this episode was to add George who's can't hear or say anything
Then you plan no bits beyond that so there's no talking or anything like that all right
And you get up and look at your look at your body language. It's so manic and nervous right now
You're wrong. Yeah, why do you think I did it five people more perspectives?
So
I'm here before you joined Johnny signed on and Jeff was like really excited that Johnny was here and he was like it's I'm really glad you're here
Like you'll see why and I assume it was because he had some Johnny specific bits planned and now I realize it's because he had nothing planned
And he just needed more people to be able to carry this jail for
Also didn't Johnny say he might not be able to come you were not yeah
I wasn't free and I shouldn't be here Johnny moved heaven and earth to be here. And yes, this is what we have
I was six percent of it. I have six percent left on my laptop
I'm definitely leaving this is it this is the worst episode we've ever done
Right
Yeah, certainly does and I'm gonna show a nude photo how about that everybody loves my eyes all the time right
Here we go, no, I photo my own ass kind of don't want to look, but feel like I have to look
What am I looking there?
It's me scratching that looked like a dog
God, you have such small cheeks
You
Really small
Pads his pants he pads his butt cheeks
You have white hips and a really small hole in cheeks. I don't know what that was
It was one of those optical lesions where the picture of what people were struck see
Let's suck um
I don't know there's nothing new in my life. What about who took on penis game you
I like there go back came from a you just came from an audition
I mean what was the role was the role what was
Glad you guys so it was actually I'll do some lines. There's a lot of improv involved and one of them was
My name's Johnny Villa
No way they didn't lie with the line but I got two takes
Okay, so what was the commercial for
Why would my name possibly be mentioned in a commercial because Craig Robinson is also in it and he loves your ass
No way he has no idea
The audition was good it was virtual and it was virtually useless
I'm gonna try to tell you dad
Boy what was the product and how many auditions have you had for a commercial
For this one or for commercials in general ever ever probably over 40
Booked any of them only because of Vinny Pion
So often audition
So for 40 so far I almost was
In an enterprise commercial with Kristen Bell and asked me why I lost out on it
Why'd you leave that on because I shaved my mustache
I didn't know that mattered nobody fucking told me
I walk into the final callback or for the camera the read or something and they were like what happened to the mustache
And I was like, oh, I had to shave it for a different audition
They said oh, thanks for coming in
Didn't even do the no
They don't know you can like put on fake mustache
New York
You
That was finally found it. He finally found it. That was the line
Sorry, I got lost picturing myself living in piles back house
If I did you up here when you're upstate and you never even
Told me you were coming you but kids. We're gonna do with a kid
The kid has daycare just come to her. He goes to bed at like seven
Yeah, all right. What is daycare like up there? What is daycare like up there?
It's just the lady's house, so it's woman watches like three other little kids his age
Oh George is laughing shut up George is laughing. What's kind of fun to see
He doesn't want to shut up all right
All right, so the daycare's at this lady's house
I
Not it. I laughed so much that
Vogueers came out of my nose
We can see that if you can rewind it you can see that happen. Let's get that on the tape. Yeah in real time. Yeah
Yeah, for you don't have to be texting in the middle of your show sorry your show remember your show
It's hard
What's the greatest accomplishment of your guys' lives?
Johnny
Lasting this far
On my laptop battery right now so on 2% so very soon. You're just gonna see me
I'm just not gonna be there. It's gonna be no charger. No charger to be found. He's no charger to be found. I forgot
I think at the charger at the apartment and it was Friday anyway, so I was like I'll just get my work done early before
For the battery dies anyway. He's ghost
You said that already and it wasn't funny the first time so it's not gonna be funny this time
I know
Let's see your ass again, man. Yeah, that was funny
Wasn't funny it was kind of hot
Not really
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'd like to you to check in drumets
What I do
The same texture
I zoomed in it's me stretching
It's Christ what shape is that?
Oh
Why why why why
That's a good style
Nancy, you can say you can just keep that in the in the YouTube feed because it's like totally into
Surple when it's going on yeah, it's it's self
censorship
My greatest achievement is my turn on lonely and a horny season too. Oh my god, that's pathetic. It was so
There
Joy said this thing is still happening
Yeah, yeah, oh we uh we went to the
The new office and
We wondery is right below us in the new office and Manhattan and
Goop used to be in that office, so I wasn't going to put those off
It's not wondering
Wonder wonder medium hour. It's different than wondering. It's not even wondering how did they get the corner office
arses a piece of shit
Sorry
Explain to me how a baby has better style than my ass
Who's child is that?
Whatever
Yeah, we lost Johnny
All right now it's time to step up
Who's child was that?
The founder of Kenyan coffee happy now and what was he stylish?
He was in a green sweater
Painters pants and fucking broken stocks
I think that's awesome. I think that's awesome
Actually
Sweet, nope
Sayon because you said sweet like you're about to leave
I wasn't about to leave but you're incredibly insecure that you think that
Amir
Make three true Wii statements for instance we are in this feeling
Or in this room both feeling blank
Uh, we are in this room feeling disappointed. Oh, oh
Joy we are you're gonna say
We are in this room
wondering
How are you doing this so well this week? No
Because as we ran third and head home, I'm starting to think that people are gonna love this episode
We didn't get uncomfortable
Last week
We are ready for the weekend
But we don't have to come too soon because I'm much fun. We're having right now during work
Andrew
Yeah, we are wondering how much time is much time is left because we're worried that it's gonna end too soon
We can go for an hour
Okay
Here you go for an hour now. I feel like we have to go for an hour
Don't have to
I better fucking book this commercial because I'm tired of feeling like I'm three steps behind everybody else right
There's no way
There's no way you're going to
With the enterprise commercial did you ever see it on TV and was the person to the person I was
I saw it the guy I don't even think had a mustache and I think it was a woman
Oh, woman playing opposite
Christ doesn't know
Christian or Christian
Christian with a K though
Correct
She's one of the most famous people on the face of the earth, so it's not one of those things of like oh, it's fine that I don't know this by heart
However, I watched all the good place. I look her. She's great. He's great. I don't know her name super wall. I love her. I think she's great
By the way, I just looked at his question so Jeffrey you were wrong
We three in this room are feeling poisoned
You
It's like one of the main reasons people go into comedy is because they're actually not doing to on their personal life
Yeah, and then it's like you can work through those emotions with comedy, but
This is like my main
My main thing comedy was right now and I like I show I try to be prepared every week. Obviously I'll drop the ball sometimes
and
You guys could have taken it at a different direction. You know you could have brought something to the table you could have been
Like hey, it's all right, you know
All right, you didn't bring anything
But instead I was
There's a 45 minute lambast
There's a spit roast. It was a
There's a spam bake
You guys are no clam flakes
So this is like
misoobie
You can't hear me now I'm talking to George. I've tuned you out. I think George is having trail mix
Oh, he's uh, now he's still muted. Can you hear us now?
Got it you can't
This
Might be the last episode of the show ever. Yeah, yeah
What's we are talking about
We were uh
We were talking about how this might be the last episode of the show ever
Who say that every time
This one was bad
Should end right there
You
That was a hit them original